hey guys the black credit guy and
welcome to the first of many editions of
a new segment I call BCG asked black
credit crew and for today's episode I
asked you guys to tell me how would you
ask out your enemy crush here are my
favorite responses or bang glasses to
the ready I would sing to her I'm in
love with the Coco Coco I'm in love with
the a how are you doing
date me miss Suzumiya all my anime
crushes are dead I would ask my anime
crush by offering her a dinner and some
flowers there we dance waifu for life
ooh yes Sasha want some food I would
never ask out my enemy crush hashtag
harm life hey I like you you like me so
let's not wait 24 episodes and just date
me please I'm the MC date me hole will
you be my waifu if not i will have no
life ooh
i'll give you many apples well i see my
Geass oh god here comes a long one
freakin strap a rocket to my back fly to
the plan of good luck merge with the
environment until my soul has been
encompassed with the sources energy I
would then return to earth dump a bucket
of holy water on myself then do a
freaking jig while spraying coke in my
face believe it motherfuckers same way
they do in hentai don't ask
sorry that's sick let's just go out
ain't wanna bang I eat ass nervously say
it can I be your girlfriend love you son
as my face turns red as a tomato first I
would walk up to him calmly when no one
else is around and say I need to lose
some pie I need you I want you please
loose fi please make me your bride you
can make so many clones for yourself why
not make one to go up with me
alien huh well that's the case girl you
can probe me
anytime love meanwhile coach will touch
upon hey girl if I could arrange the
alphabets I would put you and I together
classic target Isaac a taiga method meet
privately and announce my feelings get
dropkick repeat continually show support
always trying my best to help her with
whatever she needs
bond learn backstories show support if
I'm lucky
one day I'll break through that crunchy
soon out of shelf enjoy the creamy today
goodness and finally my favorite
response breathe if you want to go out
with me recite the Bible in Arabic if
you don't want to go out with me well
played well played thank you guys once
again for all of your fun and really
entertaining responses I got a kick out
of this one and I was so happy and
thoroughly surprised to see such a great
turnout in the comments section I got
over 50 comments here on BCG unplugged
alone and some of my facebook fanpage so
I'm happy to see you guys really liked
this new concept and there'll be more to
come I promise you with this next
question and that is describe your
favorite soon to be in four words
comment below and let me know and I'll
pick my favorite responses for
tomorrow's episode of BCG ask black
credit crew so stay tuned for that
and if you like to see more videos here
on the BCG unplug channel make sure you
hit that subscribe button below and like
this video till then I'll see you guys
around
peace you too